  My name is Dylan Thomas and this my processional portfolio! I am a .NET developer working at Brick Bridge Consulting, a start up software developing firm located in Louisville, KY. I have a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration in Computer Information Systems with a track in Web Development from the University of Louisville.
  
  At my current job I constantly interact with people and software. I spend most of my time writing backend code in .NET with a team of developers. We are constantly collaborating on different projects. I also interact with clients on a weekly basis. I will either meet them in person or call them and talk to them about how their project is coming along. I also have experience as a guest services associated at the Downtown Marriott. I worked here for a year in a half and spent most of my time talking with customers, helping them to their rooms, parking their cars, and organizing their events. 
  
  In my portfolio you will find five folders: business analysis, database design, resume, security and web development. In my business analysis folder, I have two sub folders: cases and midterm. These sub folders both contains papers that display my business writing skills. The papers show my ability to think critically and analyze real life business problems. They also show you how well my writing skills are as a student and a professional.
  
  In my database design folder, I have two subfolders: SQL and Visio. In the SQL folder I have examples of my database design work in SQL. In assignment A8 I show you numerous examples of queries that contain skills such as: nested queries, selecting top 1, selecting distinct items and many more. In my A9 assignment I created a trigger and used a cursor to fetch records from a database. My A10 assignments show my ability to create tables and use a stored procedure. In the Visio folder, I have examples of database design where I built out the tables and showed the relationships between them.
  
  My resume folder contains a pdf version of my resume. My resume shows my last two work positions, personal projects, and personal achievements. It also shows you my competence in multiple skills. In my security folder I have a paper I wrote over Texas Roadhouse’s security. This shows my knowledge in many different aspects of information security and my recommendations to improve their organization’s internal and external security.
  
  The last folder I have is my Web Development folder, which contains multiple programming assignments and a page describing my work projects. The programming assignments show my ability to use different skills such as, LINQ, using IEnumerables, create abstract classes, and much more. My document over my work projects will talk in more detail about my programming in the work force. 
